In the old city, she lived with her friends in a traditional old house,
It had two floors and eight rooms on each floor, 5 kitchens in total and 5 bathrooms, There was a bedroom that she lived in a traditional old house, ( a house is a rectangular area in a city, in the old city she lived with her friends in a traditional old house, ( in the old city she lived with her friends in a traditional old house, ( ) on the floor she slept in, she was the queen of the house. In her house there was a bathtub, there was a wardrobe, a kitchen area and kitchen.

It had a garden and a yard in the middle between the rooms and fruit trees and flowers. When she was done at the table, where the fruit were always freshly sliced, and with her knife, she made a long, narrow, flat bowl out of the fruit and spread out the apples and the peaches. There was a long table in the centre of the garden, and a large, well-maintained kitchen in the back. She sat down on one of the small cushions at the table and ate her oatmeal there.

Her room was in the far inner corner of the garden, and across from it were the clay stairs. When Luna came back out she had only just managed to free herself from the large black cloak. Leaning upon the top of the stairs she slowly began to follow Luna's steps down the stairs, her head in the window facing the street before the garden. In the garden there was only a very thick forest of leaves, some had fallen into the water below. The only light coming from the street came from overhead lanterns.

Leading to the basement that no one uses, on the wall stretched between the room on the other inner corner of the garden across the basement stairs and into her room was a vine, I knew what she was in it because as a child when she was playing there was the sound of the vines moving inside the room, and now she was not in the room, I saw her lying there laying on her side, but in my mind, I still didn't know what happened in the other room that she was in. I followed her to the basement as she passed through the narrow passages between the rooms.

Then a little round step then the door to her room, it was a long wooden door and above it was a window almost as big as the door, The window showed a scene like the one, there was a blacksmith, who was working in a shop, The blacksmith wore white clothes, a grey woollen hat, with silver and brass rivets, He was dressed in a white corset with a corsage around the waist, and around his neck he had a white silk scarf The blacksmith was carrying a long silver sword and a long spear with silver and steel points,

Inside the room had a weird shape, where the walls seemed like they took a little turn to the side and collapsed a bit closer to each other on the top ,
Each wall had a colour, a purple wall, a yellow. As a child, I never really thought about, but now looking back at these images, I am not as sure how the purple and yellow looked. I think it was probably the first wall to end up falling apart, I do actually remember there was an entire room with all walls and floors covered in little dots. At the top, The doors  It seems that some of the dots were not very solid Inside.  It looks very much like an arcade cabinet

A pink wall and one wall was split in half diagonally and was blue on the bottom and green on top. The house had a very simple design, no fancy glass, stainless steel or chrome. This is the front door to a very small and unassuming home on the small rural island of La Palma in Spain. There are few windows on this house as it lies only a few hundred meters from the ocean, where the Spanish coastline makes up most of the area. This home was built in 1969 and used to be owned by Marie.

Inside she had a small couch with a coffee table a single bed and an old closet frame. And there was this large window where you could see the city all around and the trees and the sky and the blue sky was so vivid and so beautiful and she didn't want it to be like that in any way.  So after the visit here is what she told me "I walked down and saw the whole town and all the trees were alive and had beautiful things on them and there were so many little things inside them and they looked old and stuff and everything was beautiful.

She found it in the house and she loved it because it seemed like 100 years old and it had little roses engravings kind of fitting to this ancient glorious city. I was in town visiting my sister I took the train and she picked me up. I was in the house and the lady gave me my card. I think it means I have a gift from the lady of the house and I was excited. She said to take it with me on vacation. I took it with me on vacation, and every Sunday we all went to the fountain, and every Sunday I made her breakfast.

She used to lay on the bed and the light finds its way to her face from the big window and through the branches of the tree in the garden,.She used to be cold and hungry. She used to sleep with the light coming from her face and it got stronger.Now she used to be warm and comfortable.She used to enjoy looking at all the animals with the light on them. So she used to spend all her free time with them and enjoy the beauty of the animals.She would be able to take her eyes by the eyes and watch them through the branches of the tree.She used to feel the beauty of the stars.

And the sunlight would dance on her face with the light breath. The moment her eyes were closed for hours the darkness passed her into a new light. A light that was a million miles away in this place they call home - in this plane of existence. A light that was just as light though, if the light itself was a million miles away from my heart - a light not for me. She sat up and lifted her head to look at the moon with her own. No moon, no stars.
