She was on a bed outside, on a structure a little bit higher than the ground with borders that are 40cm high,
There was one door on either side of the structure, the doors are lower. She was looking at her phone, her phone is very small. She said this to my friend, "I was talking to someone. I guess he was asking what we are doing now." She then asked someone very good looking. What kind of person is she talking to? She said that she was the girlfriend of this one man, she was talking to this man on the left side of the house.

On the side of the left door, there was a small fridge, and through it you can enter the house,
Her friend was sleeping on her left side. There was a big door open into the hall, it didn't open into the house. It was a small room with a window on the right side and a fireplace on the left. She opened the door and looked around. Everything was dark, she knew that there was no living person in this room, it was just the lights on, one behind the other. "Where are we" she asked herself.

She looked around and saw on the right side fields of grass. Looking further, she found that it was a big green field with lots of small patches of leaves, and bushes and such over most of the fields. Nora walked towards the centre point of the field; the house they'd camped out in before. Looking around, she found what looked like an abandoned house; she knocked on it and saw that there was someone there. She took a few quick steps to the side and saw an entire house in the distance.

Ome houses scattered around. The front door was locked, but the room above the bed had no windows, so she was able to see all around her...the room next to a wall was empty. After wandering around on the floor for a bit, she found no way out . It didn't feel real. She opened the front door of the room and tried to make her way out...but it was locked. She started walking to a side of the house to get out, but no.

From the foot of the bed side she could see an alleyway and houses on both sides of it . The second night she had to go back to her village after her husband returned home with some documents for the council and a letter which said the house was full of rats . She looked up towards the village and suddenly heard a loud crash and saw a man in white standing behind a tree in the middle of the road! She thought he was the policeman but he is the one who called the man in white to pick her up and they were going to a friend's nearby.

A huge creature came towards her from the meadows, she was wondering if it was a cow or a hippo but when he came closer it was a dog! What's so strange about dogs? He started to pull her over his tail. He was really cute and I didn't know what to think! What the hell am I supposed to think? This crazy dog is getting my heart going. Anyway, he started to lead me to a giant mound of earth. "Honey, where are you going?" I asked him "Please, we gotta go and find a tree to climb"


She was on a bed outside, on a structure A dog with a hippo face and a cow body, started attacking her and she could only defend herself with her pillow, and suddenly another dog appeared. This is just like when she was asleep, she felt like a lion, she tried to run away from the beast. This time, the beast ran towards her and she just threw the pillow out of the cage and she went straight to the side, out of his reach. This is how the dog attacked her again. She ran to the fence, tried to jump it. When she saw nothing that would make her fall, she decided to come back on the roof.

She was worried about how she can fight away both of them at the same time? She ran and jumped on the dog's head. The dog screamed and tried to bite her, so she bit back. As the dog tried to lick his nose, I think she panicked and took out her phone and started recording. I was already doing the same thing by recording the dog's scream. I had enough to record everything that happened that day! So this was the funny moment that my mom told me about.

She tried to wake her friend up but he was deep in sleep, the big dog tried to bite her finger.The girl tried to get the dog out of the house but to no avail, she got a knife and tried to remove the big dog's neck and head, the dog didn't let go till they started to fight.The neighbour heard the commotion heard the woman scream "I have done the mistake of feeding your dog dog" when he saw on the CCTV a guy with a red scarf approaching in.She went towards the house and found two dogs fighting.

Suddenly a woman voice shouted at the dogs and send them away, She was the neighbour and these were her dogs, the neighbour came worrying if her dogs have hurt someone but she was not apologetic,. Finally to her dismay she saw all the dogs were gone and to her utter horror she saw a little man standing over her dog, she started screaming and when people got out of their cars to help her she ran out and hid with her child, she didn't know she was going to be in a terrible trouble. she then saw a little person standing there and she immediately knew she was in a bad situation, Then she saw that she had a baby in a carrier, she screamed.

The neighbour brought a nice deep green ceramic plate with white flowers and brown twigs drawn on it, Then she went inside the house and filled it with water,. After filling the ceramic plate with water, I sat on it, which gave me the appearance of being a real tree, It was around this time I noticed a bird perched on my table, The bird looked at me and tried to pick away the paint. It was at that moment in the afternoon I understood this world was just two halves of one being, with different experiences and emotions, this was the world of Jesus in my head that night!.

She put it outside and said that the dogs will be friendly if the plate was here and they could drink from it. The neighbour who had come to the spot said she didn't know about the plate. But the little dog woke up and started chasing the plate around the house. A neighbor came out and saw the dog chasing the plate. The neighbour told him to take the plate outside and she placed it in a plastic bag and threw it outside.

Then the neighbour asked her why are the sleeping outside? Shukla said that the neighbours are not her neighbours anymore and her neighbours are the neighbours from her block and her neighbours were neighbours from her block and not her neighbours anymore so that didn't make a difference to what she said. "How come you never sleep outside?" the neighbour asked Shukla. "I don't sleep outside," she replied.

She answered that they always sleep outside in the summer but the neighbour said that it wasn't summer anymore, in fact, it was freezing cold,. When the neighbour told her that winter was now approaching and that his wife was planning on marrying someone else, he began yelling at her to stay indoors so that their relationship would be a "happy one", but at that moment she turned and ran away. The neighbour was enraged and continued to yell at the woman saying that she had just stolen his wife.

She looked around and saw that the neighbour is right, it was cold and the grass had a layer of winter frost. She could see the white line on the wall of the house, and wondered what was in the room at the top of the stairs. She decided to see, it was a bedroom and seemed dark inside. She found out that she didn't need a key to open every door, even to open the bedroom door. Could the other person be in there too?

Why they didn't want to go inside? Why are they afraid of going up there? Where are they afraid? Why didn't they go? They're scared of what they're going to find inside the school? Why didn't they go? And I didn't really understand, I didn't understand the motives of the soldiers, of the soldiers who opened the front gate.

What are they afraid of? (1:14:23) Why is this girl doing this? (1:15:15) Do a test to determine your own limits. (1:16:08) What do you think that the girl likes? (1:17:43) What do you think the girl doesn't like? (1:18:05)

Why is she feeling more comfortable outside? Why is she even making eye contact at all? Why would people even notice that she seems to be smiling, or shaking hands or shaking her head? Why? Just ask. But these questions, which are about as helpful for the person in question as a "are you sure?" question, are not things we should ever think of as "asking" in general.
