The point is that every person has many different stories. We have our own personal preferences for a writer of the story. We are all in search of authenticity. We all create our own worlds. I could be a great writer and yet have no clue about a new world or what a new world would require.
We are always changing and always in a process of selection, We select which version of us we would like to present, To ask a current version of a person for their story will not be the same outcome. The goal is to present everyone or a current version of everyone, no matter what, at this time. With all the information and stories available, everyone can pick up the thread and put you in a world in which you can relate with at least a portion of these characters. There are always going to be a variety of experiences and inspirations but the ones you want to see the most will be the ones that stand out the most.
If you ask a week or month ago/after, because the selection will be different, the references and inspirations might not change so drastically though. For example, The Witcher game, in the beginning, was inspired by the books The Broken Forest and The Dagger of Spiragos. So, that gives the game more structure and atmosphere. Then there are more and more books and books might influence it, but most of them don't. So, then I would say this way : I would like Witcher games to be a living, breathing world, where you can experience everything that is in it.
A game where everything is written down,. Your actions are recorded, and your actions can be saved for later (the game never stops), or even in your browser. But, as a person, you can move around the stage and pick someone at random who has a different opinion, based on your comments. Or you can choose different comments and the people you see have different political viewpoints, depending on if they are a Democrat or Republican. A person could be a political opponent or enemy.
All together in one puddle, and you can select and meet your selected version of that person. If they get the character wrong, they won't get it right. Every time they do the action, we'll see how they messed up. It is always possible to make correct and incorrect assumptions. We just need a person to give us permission to meet them up and put them in this puddle. We can have them do their actions for us, and we can all see if we should accept or reject them as a character.
The only downside is that everything will be exposed, and I think people find power in the hidden. The new system seems to be working out pretty well, with not too many issues with people hacking power out to the neighbours. The last major issue is that if you put the generator out in an alley and walk away, they would know something had gone on since they were in the bathroom. The new system seems to be working out pretty well, with not too many issues with people hacking power out to the neighbours. The last major issue is that if you put the generator out in.
