She always remembers the sunlight there,
Coming out through the branches of trees, becoming soft even in the mids of summer,
And the smell of the air especially in the afternoons.  At that age and with the time she got to play with them, she knew that it was the most desirable place for her to live and that is why she still wants to be there. This is, how she felt at that same place as if she was already there and not just floating about.  When they would plant her plants, the birds would sing. And the dogs would play.

When they would water the plants and it starts smelling like soil, basil, rosemary and concrete. Davina and her father are like brothers after so many years. They will not abandon one another even if something happens. After two weeks they decided to make a plan. On the morning of March 19th, 2015, Davina had to go to school in the morning and she had to go home on the afternoon. She was going to school in the morning too and was going to see her brother also that day, that's one reason, to look for him.

That night she remembers that she was going down to the courtyard with her sister. They were all in the courtyard, they had their hands up, but she knew that some of the officers were looking at them. She noticed that her sister was holding up a flashlight and as she was looking about the way her sister was taking the light source off her face, she said that her sister was looking at her with these eyes. She saw a man holding her head. She was shocked, she saw it too!

It was dark and her sister suddenly shouted rat!  held her hand and started to run away back to the house. She ran to the door and opened it to the light. That's when her sister ran and came face to face with the monster. She jumped back to block the monster's attacks and screamed in agony. "You are not going to hurt me!" she screamed the monster. "What are you doing!" screamed the monster. Ruby stopped and turned around. Her sister, Yang, was in deep agony.

Was it her sisters fear? was it the fear of not seeing what lays in the dark? Was it the fear of how one would never get her? or did she fear it all the same, she is always afraid that what she is unable to have would hurt her a lot. Or she wonders if it is what the past was, the stories and legends, she is sure a lot of times she believed in it. even the legends are true, she has been told that her name is the one that makes the world look so beautiful and pure.

But even this memory was it something that happened? or was it something she dreamed of? her mind is so mingled and all faces, places and stories become uncertain. The woman had no choice but to accept this fate. "Come on. Come on. " She tried to get up but the pain was too heavy for her arms. But she struggled, she struggled, in vain. "My head hurts now." Pyrrha stood up, slowly and weakly. "Pyrrha, come on, we have to get you to the hospital," Yang pleaded.
